blog(embertimes204): ember major version process (#1218)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-204.md

---

## [Evolving Ember’s Major Version Process ⭕](https://blog.emberjs.com/evolving-embers-major-version-process)

> Starting in the current 4.0 cycle, Ember major versions will be 18 months long, running from the `.0` release up to the `.12` release, and then starting a new major version as outlined in the [RFC](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0830-evolving-embers-major-version-process/). While this is a significant shift in how we think about versioning in Ember, there are principles which will remain unchanged namely:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in the current 4.0 cycle, Ember major versions will be 18 months long, running from the `.0` release up to the `.12` release, and then starting a new major version as outlined in [RFC 0830](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0830-evolving-embers-major-version-process/). This means that you can expect 5.0 in May 2023, 6.0 in November 2024, 7.0 in May 2026, and so on.

While this is a significant shift in how we think about *major* versions in Ember, there are a lot of things which remain unchanged:

```
